crocodiles play written by Robert
hydrator that's me illustrated by rain
Mattie that's me crocodiles play turn
Isles play time to play the crops all
shout they grab their gear and clamor
out there snappy crops and cool outfits
blue caps new shoes and well-worn myths
they pick a bat no more delay the sporty
Crocs leap into play basketball clubs
and bags cleats shoes on feet it's clear
each Crocs a star athlete but on the
green they strut their stuff no shops
too hard nor rounds to rock they choose
their clubs the course survey Plante's
and then swing into play baseball in
baggy shorts and number tops the
crocodiles pull out all stops they twist
and turn and dribble fast at scoring
points they're unsurpassed the doctor
borrowed and crop displayed they guard
they block the croco play ha Crocs
choose rackets pick with care the socks
the shoes the shorts though we're to
always win to be a pro to hear crouched
out magnifico they need to spend all
they can pay on any court they're set to
play tag eeny meeny will decide which
crop will be on which team solid clean
jerseys on black socks to knees they
give the ball a toothy squeeze the pitch
is soaked it's poured all day still liga
crops dive into play hide-and-seek ooh
with i smeared black to cut the glare
the Crocs gear up with great Crock hair
and helmets pads they dash around croc
ready for their first touchdown they're
primed and pumped to win today whistle
blows hop up they play
ring-around-the-rosy
me now for the funnest game of all with
skates and ice and not run ball Crocs
tape their tails just like their sticks
and lace their skates for our nice
tricks or from the boards into the fray
indoors or out crocs month to play ha
she shoots she scores pn thank you thank
you